lib: nrf_modem: Move trace processing to a thread (#6930)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

If the application wants the trace data, :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_init` must be called before :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`.
This is done automatically when using the OS Abstraction layer.

Trace processing is done in the ``trace_handler_thread``.
When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.

> Since FIFO queues use heap memory, the use of modem trace module results in increased heap usage.

Reviewer: We have now a dedicated heap, so strictly speaking it does not apply to the (system) heap anymore.
Do we want to reference its KConfig option here?

Reviewer 2: Updated the docs. Can you please have a look at the change @umapraseeda ?

If the application wants the trace data, :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_init` must be called before :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`.
This is done automatically when using the OS Abstraction layer.

> 
> Trace processing is done in the ``trace_handler_thread``.
> When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
> The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.
> The FIFO queue used by the modem trace module use dedicated heap memory. If the modem trace transport is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap can be increased by configuring :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_MEDIUM_UART`.
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Trace processing is done in ``trace_handler_thread``.
When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.
The FIFO queue used by the modem trace module uses dedicated heap memory.
If the modem trace transport is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap size can be increased by configuring :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_MEDIUM_UART`.

```

Reviewer 2: Thank you. Fixed now.

If the application wants the trace data, :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_init` must be called before :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`.
This is done automatically when using the OS Abstraction layer.

> Trace processing is done in the `trace_handler_thread`. When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO. The thread reads from the FIFO and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium. Since FIFOs use heap memory, the use of modem trace module will result in increased heap usage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Trace processing is done in the ``trace_handler_thread``.
When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.
Since FIFO queues use heap memory, the use of modem trace module results in increased heap usage.
```
